ObjectDetection/README.md, before:

# Semantic Image Segmentation DeepLabV3 on iOS

## Introduction

This repo offers a Python script that converts the [PyTorch DeepLabV3 model](https://pytorch.org/hub/pytorch_vision_deeplabv3_resnet101) for mobile apps and an iOS app that uses the model to segment images.

## Quick Start

To Test Run the Image Segmentation iOS App, follow the steps below:

### 1. Prepare the Model

Open a Mac Terminal, run the following commands:

```
git clone https://github.com/pytorch/ios-demo-app
cd ios-demo-app/ImageSegmentation
python deeplabv3.py
```

The Python script `deeplabv3.py` is used to generate the TorchScript-formatted model for mobile apps. If you don't have the PyTorch environment set up to run the script, you can download the model file to the `ios-demo-app/ImageSegmentation` folder using the link [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/17KeE6mKo67l14XxTl8a-NbtqwAvduVZG/view?usp=sharing).

Then run `mv deeplabv3_scripted.pt ImageSegmentation` to move the model file to the right location.

### 2. Use LibTorch

Run the commands below:

```
pod install
open ImageSegmentation.xcworkspace/
```

### 3. Run the app
Select an iOS simulator or device on Xcode to run the app. The example image and its segmented result are as follows:

results are:

![](screenshot1.png)
![](screenshot2.png)

Note that the `resized` method in `UIImage+Helper.swift` is used to speed up the model inference, but a smaller size may cause the result to be less accurate.

## Tutorial

Read the tutorial [here](https://pytorch.org/tutorials/beginner/deeplabv3_on_ios.html) for detailed step-by-step instructions of how to prepare and run the [PyTorch DeepLabV3 model](https://pytorch.org/hub/pytorch_vision_deeplabv3_resnet101) on iOS, as well as practical tips on how to successfully use a pre-trained PyTorch model on iOS and avoid common pitfalls.

Commit message:

updated readme and example results screenshot

ObjectDetection/README.md, after:

# Object Detection with YOLOv5 on iOS

## Introduction

[YOLO](https://pjreddie.com/darknet/yolo/) (You Only Look Once) is one of the fastest and most popular object detection model. [YOLOv5](https://github.com/ultralytics/yolov5) is an open-source implementation of the latest version of YOLO. This Object Detection with YOLOv5 iOS sample app uses the PyTorch scripted YOLOv5 model to detect objects of [80 classes](https://github.com/ultralytics/yolov5/blob/master/data/coco.yaml) trained with the model.

## Prerequisites

PyTorch 1.7 or later (Optional)
Python 3.8 (Optional)
Xcode 12 or later

## Quick Start

To Test Run the Object Detection iOS App, follow the steps below:

### 1. Prepare the Model

Open a Mac Terminal, run the following commands:

```
git clone https://github.com/jeffxtang/yolov5
cd yolov5
pip install -r requirements.txt
python export.py
```

The Python script `export.py` is used to generate the TorchScript-formatted YOLOv5 model for mobile apps. If you don't have the PyTorch environment set up to run the script, you can download the model file [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/15FFbi1ajWh02Dqc4W4HdGI45Th3VhbkR/view?usp=sharing) to the `ios-demo-app/ObjectDetection/ObjectDetection` folder.

### 2. Use LibTorch

Run the commands below:

```
pod install
open ObjectDetection.xcworkspace/
```

### 3. Run the app
Select an iOS simulator or device on Xcode to run the app. Some example results are as follows:

results are:

![](screenshot1.png)
![](screenshot2.png)

![](screenshot3.png)
![](screenshot4.png)


You can also select a picture from your iOS device's Photos library or take a picture with the device camera and then do the object detection.
